hey everyone this is tally with TGN
let's talk palin and tank reforging
especially mastery now as we all know in
rage works whatever you want to call it
mastery is key mitigation is key we
don't want to stress our healers with
taking the you know five straight you
know unavoidable hits you know 50k 50k
50k dad okay we want constant damage he
always want to see predictable damage
they don't want to see spiky damage
that's a no-no you can look at it
however you want up left down right
through the anus up the hole up the
mouth a little bit more about whatever
you want doesn't matter mastery is key
now let's read off our pallet and tank
mastery okay where is it here it is
increases your chance to block melee
attacks by forty-one percent each point
of mastery increases blog chance by an
additional two point two five percent
now let's look at my defense here in my
block I have 46.5 one percent block now
this is what this means okay for those
who will just want to get educated in
general let's say a boss hits me for 30k
all right I have a 46.5 one percent
chance to block that 30k attack now if I
do in fact block that 30k attack
forty-one percent okay of that 30k
attack becomes completely mitigated
which means that let's see let's look at
my choices little calculator here I'm
doing it with you while I'm recording
because I'm horrible at math and I'm a
reject one two three let's see x point
for one equals twelve thousand three
hundred we mitigated 12,300 damage of
that 30k hit from the boss meaning we
only took 17 thousand seven hundred
damage that's what that means so you
have a 46.5 one percent chance to block
an attack okay from a boss mob whatever
maybe and then once you do block the
attack whatever they hit you for
forty-one percent of it is mitigated
amazing i love it now here's a question
you're all asking is tally what stats do
I reforge mastery into well here we go
we have the rule of thumb for your
forging and mastery now let's look at
our threat stats we have hit and
expertise okay those are threat stats
let's go to avoidance dodge and parry
let's look at my gear here okay here's a
rule of thumb I'm gonna read it off to
you first alright if you have to threat
stats okay if you have to threat stats
you have to reforge the
larger of the two into mastery okay you
reforge the larger of the two threat
stats in the match so let's let's say
you have more expertise than hit
obviously you don't want to get rid of
your hit because you know you need it
right you can't afford to lose any more
hit but you do have more expertise on
that particular item so you're going to
take the expertise and you're going to
reforge the expertise in the mastery now
let's say you have to avoiding stats all
right to avoiding stats Perry and dodge
what you want to do is whichever stat
you have more of you reforge that into
mastery you'll see that one of my pieces
coming up now let's say you have one
threat stat and one avoidance that what
you want to do is you want to take the
threat stat into mastery leave the
avoidance alone let's see if you have a
mastery and any threat stat alright
mastery and threats that you're going to
reforge the threat stat okay into dodge
or parry ok whichever you need whichever
you have less up so you have less dodged
and perry and you have let's say you
know 100 mastery and 100 expertise you
want to take the expertise and reforge
that into the dodge or whichever of the
two you have less of and now if you have
mastery and any avoidance that do not
reforge do not touch it leave it alone
if you have a you know 1,000 Perry or
1,000 master you leave it alone don't
touch and I'll let's look at my gear
here let's go my helm let's reforge an
item my helm has expertise and mastery
okay so what do we do here according to
the rule of thumb okay we have one
threat stat at mastery what we're going
to do is we're going to take this put a
reforge we're going to get the expertise
ok and now whatever I need more of
whether it be Dodger Perry I'm going to
reforge into so currently of that
expertise let's see i have 13.9 eighty
percent Perry and only 10.4 Oh puts a
percent dodge so I'm going to be forge
this to dodge pretty simple reforge
let's look at my neck piece we have
dodged and expertise so we have dodged
rating and expertise so let's look at
our rule here so if we have a avoiding
stat and the threat stat let's see good
to do one thread set one of winced at we
reforge the threat stat into mastery so
let's go take that expertise
I put it to mastery Booya let's go my
shoulders my shoulders right now our
dodge and hit we're going to take this
we're going to reforge you the hit which
is the threat stat it's a mastery
beautiful mastery dodge rating we're not
going to touch it mastery Perry rating
we're not going to touch it mastery
Perry rating we're not going to touch it
at Perry mastery we're not going to
touch it dodge mastery we're not going
to touch it Perry rating and dodge
rating let's put that in here so now
dodge and parry which one do I have more
of I have more Perry than dodge so I'm
wanting to give that Perry up and put
the Perry into mastery reforge look at
my boots Perry mastery ah master you can
even reforge these from the throne of
the for that yet but I'm not gonna touch
those uh dodge mastery stand trinkets
within blah and that's pretty much it
and that's the rule of thumb for
reforging gear as a prot paladin into
mastery i end up with 48.5 two percent
chance to block an attack that's amazing
in my opinion it could be higher I am
currently working on a high block set
it's up to about fifty eight percent
block so I'm trying to get as close as
we can to the promised land which is
102.4 unhittable we love it we've known
it before the past we've done it it will
come again no matter what Blizzard dozen
tries to stop us um thank you for
watching this has been tally with TGN
giving you a little information about
our pal and tech mastery as well as
reforging into it and yes I know what
you're wondering is why aren't you
reforging into hit and expertise well
currently at this stage in the game
vengeance is solo p it's really powerful
we just we're not even close to being l
threaded it just isn't happening as a
paladin tank or any tank if you're a
tanking the rating you're losing damage
shooting losing threat you must have the
most epic gear in the world okay and you
must not be taking any damage for your
vengeance to stack up with rebuke
company we might have to start reforging
in the hit now that we might be put up
against bosses like health is for the
shadow interrupts or any other boss
actually these are quick in
with rebuke but we'll see what happens
when we cross that bridge tally with TGN
wow that's he GNE the TV visit me at
tell the tank on Twitter tell a tank on
Facebook come on sargeras come two
tallies world order join the guild talk
to me let's chill out you also watch
them to my livestream links are all over
the place anyway peace out